collection: NEC TurboGrafx CD
launch: {env.JOYBOX_LAUNCH_JSON} -c "Other" -s "NEC TurboGrafx CD" -n {file.basename}


game: Cosmic Fantasy II (USA)
file: Other/NEC TurboGrafx CD/Cosmic Fantasy II (USA)/Cosmic Fantasy II (USA).json
developer: Telenet Japan
publisher: Working Designs
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Van is a young boy who lives on the planet Idea, a place where technology has
  not yet reached a high level. One day his sweetheart Laura gets kidnapped by an
  unknown villain. Van soon discovers that Laura possesses mysterious powers that
  may grant immortality to the one who marries her. That is exactly what the evil
  wizard Galam has in mind. Van sets off to rescue Laura, on a quest that involves
  intergalactic journeys and travel through time.
  .
  Cosmic Fantasy 2 is a sequel to Cosmic Fantasy: Bōken Shōnen Yuu, and the only
  installment in the series to have been released in the West. Though initially
  not directly related to its predecessor story-wise, the game features several
  common characters and themes.
  .
  Like the previous game, it is a Japanese-style RPG set in a mixed sci-fi and
  medieval world. The game has random enemy encounters and simple turn-based
  combat mechanics. Player-controlled characters can learn and use various
  offensive and healing spells; however, enemies are restricted to physical
  attacks. Characters join and leave the party frequently, as dictated by the
  plot; the party may contain up to four active combatants. Story progression and
  overworld exploration is linear; dungeons are usually fairly complex and
  maze-like. Full-screen anime-style cutscenes with voice-overs advance the story
  of the game.
release: 1991-04-05
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Cosmic Fantasy II (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Cosmic Fantasy II (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Cosmic Fantasy II (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Cosmic Fantasy II (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No
x-playable: Yes


game: Lords of Thunder (USA)
file: Other/NEC TurboGrafx CD/Lords of Thunder (USA)/Lords of Thunder (USA).json
developer: Red Entertainment
publisher: Turbo Technologies, Inc.
genre: Shooter
description:
  Lords of Thunder is a side-scrolling shooter that has you take on the role of a
  legendary warrior, blasting enemies to heavy-metal tunes. Your enemies are
  plotting to revive Zaggart, "The Dark One," who was sealed beneath the six
  continents of Mistral. It's up to Landis, descendant of the heroic Dyu, to stop
  them.
release: 1993-04-23
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Lords of Thunder (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Lords of Thunder (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Lords of Thunder (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Lords of Thunder (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No
x-playable: Yes


game: Valis II (USA)
file: Other/NEC TurboGrafx CD/Valis II (USA)/Valis II (USA).json
developer: Telenet Japan
publisher: NEC Home Electronics, Ltd.
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Time passes, and Vecanti is set to rule under its next emperor after Rogles, his
  brother Megas, who wishes to stamp out any trace of the former tyrant, to the
  point of murdering any supporters Rogles might have had. Furthermore, his
  bloodthirsty tendencies recognize Yuko and the Valis sword as viable threats to
  his claim of the throne, and he orders his minions to eliminate her first before
  she has the chance to thwart him.
release: 1989-06-23
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Valis II (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Valis II (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Valis II (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Valis II (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No
x-playable: Yes


game: Valis III (USA)
file: Other/NEC TurboGrafx CD/Valis III (USA)/Valis III (USA).json
developer: Laser Soft
publisher: Telenet Japan Co., Ltd.
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  King Glames leads denizens of the Dark World to destroy both Earth and Vecanti.
  Against this common foe, Yuko Asou finds help in her new girlfriend, a Vecanti
  warrior-maiden named Cham, who was born in the Dark World and uses a deadly
  whip, and her own sister Valna Asou, who grew up within Vecanti and became
  strong in the ways of magic. Furthermore, the Valis sword is shown to be capable
  of more than what Yuko has accomplished with it thus far.
release: 1990-09-07
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Valis III (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Valis III (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Valis III (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Valis III (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No
x-playable: Yes


game: Ys Book I & II (USA) (Rev 2)
file: Other/NEC TurboGrafx CD/Ys Book I & II (USA) (Rev 2)/Ys Book I & II (USA) (Rev 2).json
developer: Nihon Falcom
publisher: Hudson Soft
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Journey through the Ancient Land of Ys, a once peaceful and prosperous country
  suddenly thrust deep into an empty abyss of isolation. The secret to restoring
  peace rests in the six books of the wise priests. 700 years have passed, and now
  you have a chance to unlock the mystery. Stunning graphics, intense stereo sound
  and profound gameplay make this a CD adventure you'll never forget ... and may
  never return from.
release: 1989-01-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Ys Book I & II (USA) (Rev 2).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Ys Book I & II (USA) (Rev 2).jpg
assets.background: Background/Ys Book I & II (USA) (Rev 2).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Ys Book I & II (USA) (Rev 2).jpg
x-co-op: No
x-playable: Yes

